README.md, before:

# CsAssignment

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 9.0.3.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

06: Grid final cut
Changeset:
1. Single row select
2. Enable download button only when the status is available
3. Show alert when download button is clicked
4. Added cypress test package
5. Wrote couple of cypress tests
6. Updated the README.md

README.md, after:

# CsAssignment

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 9.0.3.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the integration tests via [Cypress].

## Notes and comments

1. Pull the code from github or download from: https://github.com/ajinkyac/cs-assignment.git or https://github.com/ajinkyac/cs-assignment/archive/refs/heads/master.zip
2. Run `npm i` or `npm install`
3. To serve locally `npm run start` or `npm start` or `ng serve` and it will be available on `http://localhost:4200/`
4. To run the tests `ng serve` or `npx cypress open` at the `/src` folder level
5. NOTE: the component could not be made 100% generic/abstracted, the notes are mentioned as comment in the data-grid.component.html
